content/_index/content.md, before:

+++
fragment = "content"
#disabled = true
date = "2019-09-04"
weight = 1000
#background = ""

title = "Front Page"
#subtitle = ""


  
+++

The main overview goes here.

---

To actually test out the full single page some Lorem Ipsum:

The bit below here inserts an image.

![alt text](/images/logo.svg "Logo Title Text 1")

And below is how you do a link.

[I'm an inline-style link back to home](/)

Curabitur ipsum ipsum, malesuada at tempus sed, pretium vulputate nunc. Praesent nec lectus ut mauris cursus hendrerit a vitae risus. Aliquam sodales lorem nisl, ut euismod dolor interdum ac. Vivamus facilisis justo vulputate augue finibus imperdiet. Aenean sem magna, tempus id orci eu, sodales pulvinar metus. Nullam pharetra ornare est. Vestibulum aliquet turpis et porttitor euismod. Nulla vitae orci orci. Suspendisse fringilla faucibus blandit. Nulla suscipit nulla ut massa elementum sollicitudin. Vivamus ultrices ipsum arcu, in vestibulum erat aliquam quis. Suspendisse eget mauris tellus. Maecenas euismod blandit odio, sed pellentesque orci mollis eget. Sed eget magna eu justo mollis hendrerit.

Commit message:

Added initial content
Added initial content for Dymodia, including screenshots etc.

content/_index/content.md, after:

+++
fragment = "content"
#disabled = true
date = "2019-09-04"
weight = 1000
#background = ""

title = "Introducing a new safety analysis solution"
#subtitle = ""


# +++ To end section?
# --- To create a separator bar
# ![alt text](/images/image.bmp "Tooltip text") for an image
# [Link text](/link_destination_url) for a link (use (/) for Home)
# The rest appears to be simple Markdown:
# ==== (underlined) for Headings
# ## For subheadings, e.g. ## Subheading
# Blank line to separate paragraphs; force line breaks with two spaces at the end of a line
# _italic_, **bold**, `monospace` 
# * for bullet list
# 1.2.3 etc for numbered list
  
+++

**Dymodia** is a new software tool to support model-based safety analysis of dynamic, safety-critical systems. It combines both system modelling, synthesis, and analysis techniques in a single package, linking failure-related information directly to relevant system elements. After annotating system models with local failure behaviour, Dymodia can synthesise failure propagation models for the entire system and analyse these automatically. This helps to avoid the need to manually create or update analysis artefacts in response to design changes: instead, analysts can modify a system design, automatically regenerate the failure models, and see the corresponding changes in the system failure behaviour immediately.

---

## Key features:

* Customisable modelling of hierarchical system architectures using easy-to-understand block diagrams
* Create state machines to model dynamic behaviour and link these directly to system architectures
* Annotate models with qualitative and quantitative failure data to describe component-level failure behaviour
* Automatic synthesis of failure propagation models in the form of fault trees
* Create additional manual fault trees and link these to system architectures, state machines, or other fault trees
* Use high-performance algorithms to analyse entire system models in seconds
* Support for both static and dynamic fault trees
* View customisable results of both Fault Tree Analyses and Failure Modes & Effects Analyses

[Find out more here.](/dymodia)
